Merry Christmas have yourself do you
wanna know the rest of it it begins with
a little girl I bet you want to be a
ballerina when you grow up huh I'm in
third grade then I'll pick a career a
little dream and a little magic to
remind us Oh so Santa Claus not Dear
Abby that Christmas is something to
believe in what is it what's wrong with
her she was feeling fine and all of a
sudden
Wow gorgeous Paramount Pictures proudly
presents
a movie about a family about a wish
and about the miracles
[Music]
that are inside of every heart
you know I usually specialize as stuff
you can rap
all I want for Christmas share it with
your family this holiday season